gh-119189:  Fix the fraction module so that __rpow__ works on arbitrary classes. (#119242)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-05-20-13-48-37.gh-issue-119189.dhJVs5.rst

> When using the ** operator with a Fraction as a base and an object that implements __rpow__ as an exponent the fraction it is now not cast to a float.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the ``**`` operator or :func:`pow` with :class:`~fractions.Fraction`
as the base and an exponent that is not rational, a float, or a complex, the
fraction is no longer converted to a float.
```
